                             I TOLD YOU TO SMILE
                              00:48 17/07/2015

It was the 2nd of January, 2:04 AM. I woke up to a knocking on the door. One 
knock every 3 seconds. I slipped on my slippers and walked down the stairs. 
As I walked down, the knocking on the door got faster, almost like a heartbeat. 
When I got to the door, the knocking stopped, I looked outside and nobody was 
there.

I went back up to my room and went back to bed, thinking it was just some 
kids playing a prank. At 4:21 AM I woke up to the front door slamming shut. 
I jumped, terrified. 

I looked over at my frosted window to find "smile" written all over it in 
the frost.

I grabbed my phone next to me, ready to call 999, only to find a message 
written on it saying "I told you to smile". I cried and ran for my life 
running outside.

As soon as I got outside I knocked on my neighbors house across the road. 
They answered and held me while I sobbed. They phoned the police. 
At exactly 5:42, the police came to my neighbors house after an extensive 
search of my house. 
They told me there had been no evidence at all of anyone in my house other 
than me. The messages on the window were gone, same with my phone. They told 
me to get some sleep and advised me to see the doctor about stress and 
anxiety problems. Fuck that. I knew what happened to me was real.

The following evening, after spending the day at my neighbors, I went home. 
I went up to my bedroom and set up a camera. It was aimed at my bedroom door 
and my bed. I set it to record and went to sleep. Thankfully, I slept through 
the night. However, as I watched the footage, I couldn’t believe what I saw.

At 3 in the morning, something crawled out from under my bed. It was a 
completely naked, anorexic man. He stood up and looked at me on the bed. He 
did so for another hour, not moving at all. Then he moved. He walked over to 
the camera until his face took up the whole shot. He was extremely pale and 
had bulging veins all over his head. His eyes were completely black, with a 
huge smile on his face. He stared at the camera for another two hours, not 
blinking, just slightly twisting his head every now and again.

After two hours of him staring went past, he walked back over to my bed and 
crawled back under. I skipped the video forward until it showed me getting 
up and walking over to the camera. The video finished. I was frozen with fear. 
The video showed him going back under, but not leaving. Whatever it was, it 
was still there.